mods/data/first-town/arrows slide.lua
mods/data/first-town/boyfriend die.lua
mods/data/first-town/first-town-hard.json
mods/data/first-town/first-town-mania-c.json
mods/data/first-town/first-town-modchart.json
mods/data/first-town/first-town.json
mods/data/first-town/mod.txt
mods/data/first-town/modchartbf.lua
mods/data/first-town/modchartcam.lua
mods/data/first-town/modchartgeneral.lua
mods/data/first-town/script.lua
mods/data/first-town/storymode.lua
mods/Camellia/characters/bf.json
mods/Camellia/characters/camellia.json
mods/Camellia/stages/stage1.json
mods/Camellia/stages/stage1.lua
mods/Camellia/images/characters/bf.png
mods/Camellia/images/characters/bf.xml
mods/Camellia/images/characters/camellia.png
mods/Camellia/images/characters/camellia.xml
mods/Camellia/stages/stage1.1.json
mods/Camellia/stages/stage1.1.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/bf.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/CameraBeatFix.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/Kade display.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/Kade health.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/Kade icon.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/Kade watermark.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/Myth engine UI.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/Myth healthbars.lua
mods/Camellia/scripts/Myth timebar.lua
mods/Camellia/images/stage1/BG_CITY.png
mods/Camellia/images/stage1/BG_WALL.png
mods/Camellia/images/stage1/FG_Floor.png
mods/Camellia/images/stage1/BF_GLOW.png
mods/Camellia/images/stage1/CAMELLIA_GLOW.png
mods/Camellia/fonts/font.ttf
mods/Camellia/fonts/2.ttf
mods/Camellia/images/stage1/BG_CITY2.png
mods/Camellia/images/stage1/BG_CITY2.xml
mods/Camellia/fonts/pixel.otf
mods/Camellia/fonts/montserrat.ttf
mods/Camellia/fonts/1.ttf
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/newscorewall.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/newscorewall-botplay.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar camellia bf.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar botan bf.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar gf bf.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar camellia neobf.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar pico pico.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar bf camellia.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar miku bf.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/bar bf botan.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/healthlight.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/healthlight.xml
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/newtimebars.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/timebar camellia.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/timebar botan.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/timebar miku.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/timebar pico.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/timebar gf.png
mods/Camellia/images/myth engine/timebar bf.png
mods/songs/first-town/Voices.ogg
mods/songs/first-town/voices.ogg
mods/songs/first-town/Inst.ogg
mods/songs/first-town/inst.ogg
